- I was hoping we could
go out dancing.
- Dancing?
- FEMALE NARRATOR: Previously,
on "Sistas".
- I can show you the
African Calypso flavor
- Oh, okay that sounds fun.
- Let me try and be the man
that you want me to be.
- You're just doing anything
to get me back.
- I just wanna love you.
And I'm willing to spend
whatever it takes.
- Just let the man spend
the night.
- I cannot believe
you're saying that.
- Come on, man,
you know you like it.
- Go to the bathroom.
- Let it go.
- But he's changing Danni.
- But for her.
For you, same old Zac.
- What that -- are you
doing here?
- Whoa, whoa.
- What the hell?
- What the -- are you
doing here?
- Will you stop it? I didn't do
anything. Seriously. Please.
No, you stay...stay over there.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
- You know him?
- What the hell?
- Gary, do you know him?
- Yes, I do know him.
- All right, so I need you
to tell me right now,
are you in on this with him?
- In what?
What are you talking about?
- I'm ready to have this bitch
sprayed. Are you in on this?
- No. What...what?
- So nobody wants to answer me?
- I don't even know what
you're talking about.
- Okay.
- Fatima!
- Fatima, hey, hey, hey, hey!
- Yo! Oh shit!
- What the?
- GARY: What the? Fatima!
Oh my God.
- Fatima! Fatima! What the --?
- Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, I...
- You just won't
leave him alone.
- No, I didn't do nothing to
him, I swear. I swear. I didn't.
- You didn't?
- No, I did not.
- Then why were the police at
the damn house?
- I don't know. Ask him, I don't
know. I didn't do anything.
- --, you're lying.
- Now, Fatima.
Fatima, don't.
Hey, Fatima.
No, no, not my TV!
- GARY: Oh, Fatima!
- HAYDEN: Oh, shit.
Damn it with the -- TV!
Fatima, what?
- Why can't I get this --
to leave me alone?
Do you wanna die?
- Look, you need to leave. For
real. You breaking all my shit.
- I asked you a
mother -- question.
Do you want to die?
- No, no.
- No?
- No.
- But you keep -- with Zac.
- I told you I didn't do
anything to him.
- Okay, look, look, look.
Fatima, excuse me. Can you...
- What?
- Can we just...
- Talk to her.
- ...talk about this?
- --, I ain't got shit to
say to you!
- Okay, I know...
- How do you know him?
- Tell her.
- He, you know, he handled a
few cases for me
a few years ago and we
remained friends.
- And why didn't I know that?
- You supposed to know
everything about me?
- --, you trying to be cute?
- No, not at all. Okay?
- Does Andi know?
- I...I don't know.
- No, she doesn't
'cause you're lying.
- I'm not lying. Fatima, yo!
Br...yo! Oh!
- Hey, hey, hey! Fatima!
Fatima, I'm calling the police.
You need to leave.
- Not until you tell me
what you did.
- I didn't do anything, okay?
- FEMALE SINGER: ♪ Giving all
that it's supposed to ♪
- I'm not done.
- Fatima, look at me.
Let's talk.
- --, I ain't got shit
to say to you.
Get the -- outta my way!
- Okay, look, this is
not constructive.
- --, who the -- are you
talking to?
- You need to...
- No, I'm just...
- Fatima...
- Hey, no, no, no.
Those are my father's ashes, for
real. Don't -- around, Fatima.
- [glass shattering]
- Oh!
- --!
- Whoa.
- You wanna join 'em?
- Damn, Fatima.
- FEMALE SINGER:
♪ My girls hold me down ♪
♪ When them boys mess around ♪
♪ When my love life is
a headache ♪
♪ We goin' out tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm looking for love ♪
- Yeah, police?
Yeah, I got a crazy ass woman
in my house breaking shit.
I need you to come right now.
- [phone buzzing]
- Fatima, let's breathe. Okay?
- --, I ain't got shit to
say to you.
- I understand that, but this
is not constructive, okay?
- --.
- [phone buzzing]
- Just...answer that.
- Hello?
- ZAC: Hey.
- Hey. Where are you?
- ZAC: I got arrested.
- What happened?
- ZAC: Don't worry about it.
I'll explain it later.
- Was it Hayden?
- ZAC: What?
No, it wasn't Hayden.
- What?
- ZAC: What?
- What the?
- Uh, where are you now?
- ZAC: I'm at the house
- All right, I'm on my way.
- ZAC: Copy.
- Okay.
Um, so it looks like there's,
uh, been a mistake here, guys.
Yeah, and, um, for your sakes,
you better be glad.
- Your sakes?
- The -- you mean, glad?
Look what you did to my
-- house!
- Yeah, about that.
You might wanna get that fixed.
- Fatima, are you serious?
- Yeah, just save it for the
next time you -- up,
'cause I'm sure it'll
be another one.
- You pointed a bat at me.
- This shit is foul, Fatima.
- Fatima, you point
a bat at me!
- --!
- ♪
- What the hell was that?
- That bitch is -- crazy.
- Yeah, I see.
I think you need
to leave her alone.
- I have left her alone.
She needs to leave me alone.
You see this shit?
- Okay, well you better leave
that Zac dude alone.
- --.
- She is really certifiable.
- Yeah, who you telling?
Look at my house.
- I see it.
Whoa. Okay.
- Man.
- Okay, one second.
- Yeah, go ahead.
- [phone ringing]
- Gary.
Hey.
- GARY: Hey.
- Um, you just left here.
- Yeah, uh, I know.
- Okay, what's going on?
- Um, I think you need to call
and check on your girl Fatima.
- What do you mean?
- Well, she just left
Hayden's house.
- ANDI: Wait, how do
you know that?
- I'm here at his house.
- You hang out with Hayden?
- Yeah, I do.
- Why didn't I know that?
- I don't know.
I thought you knew.
- No, I would've
remembered that.
- Uh, okay, my bad.
- Your bad?
- Yeah.
- Anyway, what's going
on with Fatima?
- Okay, she was just in here
and she just went crazy.
- Why?
- Well she, uh, I don't know.
Something about Zac.
and then she had a bat and
started hitting shit everywhere.
And she even pointed
the bat at me.
- Wait, is he okay?
- Is he okay?
My...yeah, I don't know.
His whole place is messed up.
- Oh, okay, well thanks for
calling and telling me.
I have to call her.
- Okay, all right.
Hey, um...
...dinner was great.
- Yeah, dinner was
pretty great.
- Can I come back over?
- Gary.
- GARY: What?
- I can't.
I have company.
- Two dinners in one night.
- Mm, just drinks
with Paris
You remember him?
- All right.
Okay, um, can we
do lunch tomorrow?
- Sure.
- Okay, um, talk to you later.
- Okay, have a good night.
- GARY: All right, you too.
Good night.
- This shit ain't gonna work.
Oh, Fatima.
- [phone ringing]
- FATIMA: Hey.
- Hi.
- Is everything okay?
It's late.
- Yes. Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
How can I help you?
- Girl, don't play that
shit with me.
- Shit.
Gary called you?
- Yes, of course.
- ♪
- How does he know him?
- You know how he
knows him like that.
You introduced them.
- I don't like that.
- Fatima, what I don't like is
you tearing up that man's house.
- Yeah, my bad.
- And what do you mean,
your bad?
- Look, I thought he was
still messing with me.
- Why, Fatima?
- Zac got arrested.
- What did he go to jail for?
What happened?
- [sighs] I don't know.
I'm heading to see him now.
- And you don't know
what it's about?
- No, I don't. But he's out
and I'm going to see him now.
- ANDI: Are you sure
you're okay?
- Yes, I am.
- Okay, well, keep me posted.
- All right.
I knew his ass
was gonna call you.
- Yeah, he um, came over
for dinner and I, um,
kicked him out.
- Well, good for you.
- Anyway, I wanna know more
about this Hayden thing.
- [sighs] Me, too.
- Don't worry.
It's gonna work out, okay?
- Thank you.
- I'm gonna go to bed.
I'll see you in the morning
- All right. Good night.
- Be safe. No more bats or guns.
- [sirens]
- All right, girl.
I gotta go. I hear sirens.
- ANDI: Okay.
- ♪
- FEMALE: ♪ I'm the queen, yeah,
they bowing down when I step ♪
♪ On the scene, yeah
and you should get in line ♪
♪ to kiss the ring, yeah,
'cause everybody knows ♪
♪ That I'm the queen, yeah,
I'm the queen, yeah ♪
♪ Didn't your mama teach you
how to act in front of royalty ♪
♪ You can't trust anybody
'cause nobody got no loyalty ♪
♪ Ain't nothing but a menace
I'm a blessing to society ♪
♪ Stepping over peasants, no
you'll never get as high as me ♪
♪ Freeze frames, snap it for
a keepsake ♪
♪ A picture's worth 1,000 words
but mine says let them eat cake♪
♪ Power, fame, and money is my
favorite type of three-way ♪
♪ I'm just getting started,
baby I can do this all day, why♪
♪ I'm the queen, yeah ♪
♪ They bowing down when I step
on the scene yeah ♪
♪ And you should get in line to
kiss the ring yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody knows that
I'm the queen yeah ♪
♪ I'm the queen yeah ♪
♪ Show me some respect when you
address me say your majesty ♪
♪ Better learn your place 'cause
if you don't it'd be a travesty♪
♪ Never one to lose my head I
roll up in a limousine ♪
♪ Smile to your face and then I
send you to the guillotine ♪
♪ Freeze frame, snap it for
a keepsake ♪
♪ A picture's worth 1,000 words
but mine says let them eat cake♪
♪ Power, fame, and money is my
favorite kind of three-way ♪
♪ I'm just getting started baby
I can do this all day ♪
- [laughter]
- Oh my God.
I haven't had this much fun
in a long time.
- You should have this much fun
every day.
- You're so right.
You are so right.
- All right, you wanna have
a drink? Another drink?
- No, no, no, no.
I think I should go anyway.
I have to go to work early
in the morning.
- So it is just me who wants
to stay with you all night?
- I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- Can we go now?
- Yes, let's go.
Oh.
- [gasps]
- Okay, you're drunk.
- So are you.
- I know.
I know.
That's why I don't wanna do
anything I don't wanna do.
- And I don't want you to.
- SINGER: ♪ I'll keep on
pushing on ♪
- Good.
I think you should take me home.
- Okay
Let's go.
You're not moving.
- Huh?
- [laughs] I don't think you
want to go.
- I don't.
- Well then, let's stay.
- No, not here.
- Ah, you want to go somewhere
that's more quiet?
- I want...
- Okay, my place.
- No, no, no.
- SINGER: ♪ So tell me what
you wanna do ♪
- I don't think I'll be able
to control myself there.
- Okay, then we go
to your place?
- That's not what I mean,
either.
- Well, what do you want?
Tell me, woman.
- Okay, okay. [giggles]
Okay, you're right.
This is probably the best
date I've ever been on
in my life.
- Yes, Bayo for the win!
Did you hear that? [laughs]
- Hold on, hold on, hold on.
But I don't...I don't wanna
wake up in the morning
thinking about how
I ruined it.
- I completely understand.
We don't want that.
- No, no we don't want
that, right?
- Well, how about I take you
home and I say
goodbye at the door?
- I like that idea.
- Okay.
Don't change your mind.
Mm-hmm.
- Hmm-mm.
I won't change my mind.
- Okay.
I was hoping at least.
- [laughter]
- Come on, let's go.
- Okay, lead the way.
- Are we moving?
- Yes, we're moving.
Lead the way, lead the way.
- That's the only way I know
how to do it.
- Okay.
- ♪
- Zac?
Hey.
- What's up?
- Are you okay?
- I'm good. How are you?
- What happened?
- What happened to you?
- That's besides the point.
Are you okay?
- Hold on, hold on.
- No.
- Let me just...
- Zac, stop. Seriously.
- Here.
- ♪
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- Okay...
- It's not my kid.
- Really?
- I'm serious.
- How do you know that, Zac?
- 'Cause I don't even
know this broad.
- Really?
- I'm serious.
- So you...you've never met her?
- I don't care how many
different ways you ask me
the answer's gonna be no,
I don't know her.
- Zac...
- What?
- She can't just go to court
and claim this shit.
- Clearly she can, 'cause that's
what she did.
She crazy.
It's...I'm telling you,
she probably heard I got money
- Yeah, okay.
- What?
You believe me, don't you?
'Tima.
[scoffs]
- I do.
- Good.
- Somewhat.
- Why somewhat?
- Zac, look, this kid is, what?
Three years old?
- Exactly.
- Yeah, and you was a ho.
Exactly.
And then you were with Karen.
You could have easily ran
up on some stray
and she couldn't find you.
- That didn't happen.
- So you were faithful
to Karen the whole time?
- That didn't happen either,
but that's not my kid.
- Well...
[scoffs]
- Well, what?
I would know if I have a
three-year-old kid, Fatima.
- How would you know if you
were having sex for sport?
- Okay, that did happen,
but there's no way.
- Zac, there is a way.
You just don't want it
to be a way.
- Come on, 'Tima.
Come on.
- Shit.
- You mad?
- No, I'm pissed!
- I didn't know.
That's not my kid!
- Zac, not at you.
Shit.
- Then what you mad at?
- The shit I just did
to Hayden
- What the -- did you
do to Hayden?
- I just -- up his place
because I thought he was
still messing with you.
- [sighs] Come on, Fatima.
You always just be
doing the most.
- I know.
- Come here. Come here.
Come here. Come here.
Is this glass in your hair?
- Yeah, about that.
- Fatima, come on.
- Look, it's been a long day,
all right?
I just wanna go home
and take a shower.
- But why you put the glass
in your pocket?
- 'Cause it's evidence.
- You...you do this
a lot, don't you?
You are crazy.
Fine, fine.
Just you don't gotta go home.
There's a shower here.
- Yeah, well, as nice as this
place is coming along,
I just don't wanna be
in all this dust.
Take this.
- Fine.
I'll have Jake send me
some more guys
I'll get the furniture moved in
and you can move in tomorrow
- All right, I like that.
- All right
You really leaving?
- Yeah, it's late.
- All right.
I'm gonna keep working.
You off the chain.
I'm gonna get some more
hours in and I'll come by later.
- Yeah, you do that
with all these damn kids.
- That's funny? That's funny?
- I ain't got none.
- Yet. I'm potent, obviously
- Keep it up.
- Keep playing with me.
Keep playing with me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Go ahead.
- All right.
- I'm gonna come by later, so...
- Look, I'ma be asleep.
I gotta get up early.
- What, I ain't gonna
wake you up.
Just lay there,
I got the rest.
- [laughs] I can't with you.
- I do this. You really leaving?
- Yes, I'm about to go.
- All right.
- And, um, take a shower.
You smell like jail.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- You should be used to it.
- Yeah, you think
I would be by now.
- Glass lady.
Make sure you get rid
of the evidence.
- I will.
Always do.
- She always do.
Who am...who is this girl?
I love her.
I just...I love her.
She's crazy.
- [crickets]
- ♪
- [sighing]
- Get the -- out of here.
- It's lonely out there.
- I don't give a --.
- Just let me sleep with you.
- So that you can put a gun
to my damn head?
- No, so that I can hold you.
- Que...
- Come on, you know
this feels good.
- Who do you think I am?
- You're Maurice.
- No, really.
Who do you think I am?
- I don't get it.
- You...you think that I'm one
of these dumb queens
that's gonna let you use me?
- No.
- You must.
- You a good man.
- I am a lady.
- Stop playing.
You got a good heart.
- Thank you.
- And, um, nobody has ever
talked to me like you did.
Shit, all they ever saw was
some -- and opportunity
But not you.
- Don't make me regret it.
- Even if you do, I'm still
gonna feel the same, Maurice.
- Please just go in the
living room.
- Maurice, I don't like
to be by myself.
- Que, there are a lot of
people in jail.
- [scoffs] You know what
I mean.
- You're not alone.
I'm here. Calvin is here.
You'll be fine.
- But I like being close to you.
- Que...
- Okay. Okay
I don't wanna make you mad.
- This is exactly what
you're doing.
- Okay
- Please go and find somewhere
else to go
before the sun comes up.
- Okay.
- Get outta my room.
Go.
- Fine.
- Oh Lord, I gotta take another
cold shower.
I just can't take it.
Ooh, I can't take no more.
- SINGER: ♪ Ah, ha, ha, ha ♪
♪ Ha, ha, ha, ha ♪
♪ Hm, hm, hm, hm ♪
♪ Change jingling in my
pocket reminds me chimes ♪
♪ That's the sound you wanna
hear with happiness ♪
♪ On your mind ♪
- What the hell?
- What?
- What are you doing here?
- I opened up.
- We don't open 'til 10.
- I know that.
I came in early.
- Oh, no, ma'am.
- What?
- What is going on?
- Nothing. I can't do my job?
- You never do, Pam.
- Well, I just came in...
- To be nosy as hell. Yep.
- And what is that...
- Yep.
It means that you know that
Aaron is coming to pick me up.
- And how would I know that?
- I don't know, but you do.
- Oh, but I didn't.
- Yeah, okay.
- But I do have some hot tea
to serve.
- Pam, it's too early
for all that.
- That woman arrested Zac.
- What?
- Yeah, girl.
- For what?
- I don't know.
That's why I came in early.
I was hoping you did.
- No, I don't.
Why would I know that?
- I thought he would have
called you to bail him out.
- No, he didn't.
I'm sure Fatima
took care of that
- Oh, whatever.
Ain't that crazy?
- Yeah, Pam, it is.
- I wonder what he did.
- I don't know.
- Damn, Zac.
He better get a lawyer.
- Pam!
- Hey, Aaron.
- Hey, Pam.
- You look nice.
- Thank you.
- You keeps a tight ass
shirt on.
- Wow.
- So where y'all going?
- Pam?
- See, that's why I
keep my mouth shut.
- Yes, please do.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Pam? Pam?
Go work in the back, okay?
- Bye.
- You ready?
- Yeah Yeah, I am.
Look, I don't want you to
get your hopes up.
- I don't understand.
- There's no way that it's...
- Karen, I did the math.
- And I looked at it.
- Okay. Science is science.
- okay, but I'm saying...
I know...
- Can we just go and see
what she tells us?
- Okay.
Now, look, thank you
for coming to pick me up.
- Of course. I'm with you.
- Thank you.
- You know that, right?
- Yeah, I do.
- Karen, I'm with you, okay,
all the way.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Where's my purse? Oh.
- You have got to
be kidding me.
- ♪
- [phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Hey, girl.
- DANNI: Hey.
- Why does your voice
sound like that?
- It's early. [clears throat]
- Oh, [scoffs] thought I was
talking to a damn man.
- Shut the -- up, Andi.
What do you want?
- I'm sorry. Good morning.
Wake up.
- I'm up.
I'm up.
- I'm sending you something.
- What?
- Is that...
- El Fuego?
- ANDI: Uh-huh, I knew
that was him.
- Mm-hmm, so the stripper is
an electrical technician.
Cool.
- Maybe he's trying to pay his
way through school.
- Girl, we went to the
same college.
- That's right. [laughs]
- And he graduated with a
degree is computer science.
- So this is legit?
- I don't know, maybe.
I just don't know why he's
shaking that ass for change
- Hm, maybe he's trying to
get outta the business.
- It's all stupid to me,
so I don't know.
- Mm, girl, you used to love
yourself some him.
- Yeah, but I just...
I don't know.
You can't do better with
your life, really?
- Women do it all
the time, Danni.
- Different.
Completely different.
- Okay.
Here comes the double standards.
- Okay, so you're doing this
because you...mm, mm-hmm...
yeah, no, I get it.
I got it.
- ANDI: Okay.
- Just call the company,
have him come out
- I think I will.
- Okay.
- ANDI: He was pretty smart.
- No, he's just pretty.
- Okay, I'm gonna see if he
can come
after I get off of work.
- Andi, you really...
you really think Gary's
spying on you?
- It's only one way
to find out.
- Okay, that's true.
- Okay, I'll talk to you
later, girl.
- All right.
- Okay.
Oh, and thanks so much
for the good advice.
- You betcha.
- Mm-hmm, I love you, girl.
- All right. Oh, Andi.
- ANDI: What's up?
- We really need to talk
about Karen.
- Oh, I know.
She came over.
- All right, so me, you,
and Sabrina get together,
figure something out.
- Perfect.
Do you wanna do lunch
at my office or do you wanna
do dinner at my house?
- Yeah, yeah, let's do lunch.
I'll let her know.
- Great.
I'll see you soon.
- All right.
Bye.
- ♪
- Get up!
- Maurice!
Maurice!
- Get up! Get up, seamen,
get up!
- Maurice! Maurice!
Stop it! You're up here trying
to wake him up, you end up
waking up the
whole damn building.
- I don't give a damn.
- Shit.
- Get up! Get up!
- QUE: I'm up, I'm up.
- Good!
Up and out.
You got to get on
outta here now.
- Where I'm gonna go?
- I don't know and I
don't care.
But I have to go to work.
- Okay, I'm just gonna stay
on the porch
- No, ma'am, mm-mm.
You ain't gonna break
in here no more.
- I won't do that.
- You gotta find somewhere else
to stay, Pooks.
- Maurice, I know.
But I don't have nobody.
- Too bad.
Too bad.
- Okay, how 'bout this?
I'm supposed to be here
from 6:00PM to 8:00AM.
How 'bout I just come back here
during that time?
- MAURICE: Calvin.
- What?
- Is this bitch deaf?
- Shit, I think we're all deaf
after you banging
them damn pots and pans.
- Up and out.
- Okay, fine.
- Thank you.
Your shit is at the door.
- Okay, but I'm gonna
be outside.
- --.
Buh-bye, Que.
What?
- Shit. [laughs]
- What?
- I mean, you gotta admit
it's kinda funny.
I mean, the -- is like
a stray cat.
- And you're the one who
let him stay.
- Yeah, for a night.
- Well, he came in my
room last night.
- Did he?
- Yes. Did he come in yours?
- Shit, I wish he would.
- Quite convincing, Kyle.
It's nasty.
- You know what?
I can't with you.
- It's okay.
It's okay if you want him
in your room.
- Don't you have to
go to work?
- Yeah.
- KYLE: When?
- Um, whenever I'm done
making you miserable.
- Shit.
- And I'm gonna keep banging
these pans, bitch.
- Take your ass to work!
- I gotta find my own place.
- ♪
- [knocking]
- SABRINA: Danni.
- [sighs]
- [knocking]
- SABRINA: Danni, wake up!
- No. No.
- Hello.
- Shit.
- Are you up?
- I'm getting ready for work.
It's early.
- I know.
Wake up.
- I'm up.
- So why didn't you
answer your phone?
- I'm trying to get ready
for work.
- You're not trying to
get ready for work.
So I came here to tell you
about last night
- Okay, girl, don't talk to me
about Calvin.
I'm not talking about
panty man.
- I'm not talking about
the p...Calvin.
I'm not talking about Calvin.
I wanted to tell you
that you were wrong.
- Okay, I know.
I'm sorry.
- But you were right, too.
- Right about?
- I had so much fun last night.
- Okay, really?
- Mm-hmm.
Yes, he was a breath
of fresh air.
- I'm sure he was.
- I'm so glad that I listened
to you and I gave him a chance
- Did you give him
a [inaudible]?
- No, no, no, no.
Hmm-mm.
But I didn't want the
night to end.
- Well, you should have
gave him some.
- Stop it, Danni.
I was just coming by to
tell you you were right, okay?
- Are you seeing him again?
- Hm, if he calls
and asks.
- What about panty man,
Calvin?
Calvin, what about Calvin?
- SABRINA: I don't know, girl.
- Okay, good, 'cause I really
don't wanna talk about that.
- SABRINA: Nobody does.
- I'm glad you know.
I'm glad you know.
- It's just been so hard
since I met him.
I just...relationships shouldn't
be that hard.
- That's how I feel about me
and Preston.
It's a lot.
- Well...no, no, no, you let
that one go.
- Excuse me?
- He's a good man.
- So? He doesn't understand me.
We don't have enough in common.
- Okay.
- All right, and I didn't
let anything go.
I...it takes two to tango
first of all.
But I'm stepping back from it,
you know,
giving it some room to breathe
- Yeah, okay, you messed
that one up.
- Okay, I won't expect you
to understand.
You don't have healthy
boundaries seeing as how
you just walked in my door.
How can I help you?
Did you come to aggravate me.
- I have your keys! No.
And I was just trying to tell
you that you were right
I know how much you love
hearing that.
That's it, my work is done.
- Okay.
- I'm going to work now.
- See you later.
- I will see you later.
- DANNI: Oh, wait.
- Hm?
- We gotta go to
Andi's for lunch.
We need to talk about Karen.
- Is she okay?
- No, she's not great.
- Zac?
- Yeah.
- SABRINA: Okay.
- Okay.
- All right.
- See you later.
- I'll talk to you later.
- I like your boots.
- SABRINA: Thank you!
- I'ma take 'em.
- [knocking]
- Come in.
- Hey.
- What's up?
- How are you?
- I'm good. How you doing?
- Chilling.
Sup?
- Like the place.
- It's coming together nice,
right?
- Yeah, this is real nice.
- You see that?
It's called a sconce.
You ever seen a sconce
before?
- No.
- Stick with me, baby.
I'll keep you cultured.
- Yeah, those are pretty modern,
but I like the ones
from the Baroque period.
- You know about sconces?
- Yeah.
- You right. You white.
You would know what a sconce is.
- Really?
- What's up?
Come on, man.
- Look, you need some help?
- Uh, duh, I'm trying to
move in here. What's up?
- What you need me to do?
- Look, look, look.
Look how the tables have turned.
You knocking on my door.
I know you ain't come by here
to help me with no boxes.
- No, look, I did, I did.
- It's Danni, huh?
- No, it's not Danni.
- Look at your face.
It's...you can't even lie.
Lies is coming out your eyes.
What's up? What's up?
Talk to me. You been doing what
I told you to do, right?
- Yeah, I have.
And so far...
- What? So far what?
- I really think it's just
been making her mad.
- So? What's the problem?
She's supposed to be mad.
She's supposed to realize you
got mad options.
- I don't know, Zac.
Danni doesn't seem to be moved
by this stuff at all.
- You see, that's your problem.
You care too much
what Danni is moved by.
Look at your face.
You come in here frowning,
talking about sconces.
Come on, bro.
She gotta know you got moves.
And you willing to use
those moves on other chicks
It's that simple, bro.
- Yeah, but I feel bad.
I mean, they're really
nice girls, but all I'm doing
is using 'em when I want
Danni.
- That's fair.
That's...that's fair
I don't want you to
use no girls.
- On top of all that,
Karen was on to me.
- That's my fault,
I shoulda...
Karen gonna be on you.
One thing Karen...
- [knocking]
- Come in.
Karen gonna be on you for sure.
- Yeah.
- Shit.
- You seen me, right?
I thought you was the movers.
- They coming today?
- Yeah.
This is...oh, this is Preston.
- Hey.
- This is Jake.
- Look, I'm gonna get some of
these boxes moved.
It was good to meet you.
- You, too.
- Watch my...watch my...
stay off here.
Fragile.
Spend money on this.
Ain't a cow.
- This place is really
coming together.
- It is, right?
You half white.
You know what a sconce is?
- Man, you gonna stop
that shit.
- You don't know what
a sconce is.
- So, uh, how'd last night go?
- It was fine.
- Did you tell her?
- Yeah, I told her.
- She was cool with it?
- Bro, I told you yesterday.
It's easy with Fatima
as long as I'm honest
and upfront,
everything be smooth.
Told you, bro.
- We gotta all hang out.
- We...we...we who?
- Me, you, her, and my girl.
Maybe some of that will
rub off on my lady.
- Oh, you said your girl.
You're lucky.
I got nervous for a minute.
- [laughter]
- Nah, if only it worked
that way.
Every man should be so lucky.
- Yeah, you're right about
that.
- What brings you by?
- What are you talking about?
We got our lesson today.
- A what?
- About the SEC and Bolinesta.
I gotta fill you in on all...
Bro, we just talked about
this last night.
- My bad, father.
My bad.
I was working all last night.
I didn't get no sleep.
- Look, I hear you.
- ZAC: Cut me a break.
- I mean, you wanna do it now?
I can come back after lunch.
- I got Preston upstair...
All right, all right, um,
you know, let's just do it now.
I don't wanna wait.
Just do it now.
- Okay.
- You really think the SEC
gonna be on me like that?
- Look, you can never be
100% sure,
but it's better to be safe
than sorry.
- All right.
Um, where do we start?
- I got a bunch of charts,
files, and stuff we'll go over.
- Charts?
You sound like a teacher.
- It'll be all right, man.
Calm your ass down.
- Fine, fine.
Let me...let me put
this stuff back, 'cause I'm
trying to look at my...
do you see these jars?
- Yeah, man. Come on.
- These are imported.
- Yeah, I know. Let's roll.
- From Buckhead.
- ♪
- Hey.
- What?
- I need to talk to you.
- No, you don't.
- Actually, I do.
- Well, if I stand here,
the first words that better
fall from your lips better
be, I'm sorry.
- What?
- Yes.
- Okay, you know you did me
a favor last night, right?
- Oh yeah, how?
- You know all your ranting
and raving with the bat?
Yeah, I got all that on video.
- Good for you, --.
What you want, a cookie?
- Yeah, that'd be
great, actually.
- Yeah, keep it up, Hayden.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where you think you're going?
- To work.
- No, no you're not.
- Okay, so you wanna tell me
where I am going?
- With those men.
- [laughs] Oh, so you're
having me arrested?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah,
I'm pressing major charges.
- Okay.
- And I'm gonna get
a restraining order.
- Okay.
- And I'm definitely getting
your ass fired.
- You do you.
- See, how can we work in
the same building
if you can't be within
50 feet of me?
- Hmm.
Why do I feel like there's
an unless coming?
- What do you mean?
- I'm gonna do all this
unless you...
- Oh, nah.
There's no unless.
I"m just gonna show you how
the legal system works.
- Okay.
- See, you can't do all the
shit that you do and just
expect to get away with it.
What you gonna do all this
hood shit, sleep with all these
hood ass --, not gonna
get you nowhere.
- Hayden, Hayden, Hayden.
- Oh, Fatima.
You see, you in my world now.
So, I'm gonna show you how
the justice system works
and I"m gonna show you how
slow it grinds.
- They here for me?
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
- It's a nice dress by the way.
- Well, you may wanna look
into getting a new assistant.
- Why?
- Your girl Fatima's in jail.
- Girl, who they from?
- NARRATOR: Next on "Sistas".
- Where do you want them?
- How many are there?
- There's a truck outside.
It's full of them.
- What?
- Nice flowers. Who they from?
- So you don't think he's
staying here?
- No, I don't think that's
happening at all,
just like Paris was
there last night.
- I need a sweep of my
new apartment.
Check for cameras, bugs.
- Yeah, we do that all day.
- ANDI: Good.
- This man, he will be an
amazing father.
- Ah.